----------------------------------------------------------
References
----------------------------------------------------------
h1. Project Release

* "Project Automation":http://www.pragmaticprogrammer.com/sk/auto/

h1. Site Publishing

h2. Web Page Design References

* "CSS":http://www.w3schools.com/css/css_reference.asp
* "Color for Coders":http://www.sitepoint.com/article/color-for-coders: Color and Designer for the non-designer
* "Color Lab":http://www.visibone.com/colorlab/big.html: Pick color made easy
* "A List Apart":http://alistapart.com/: The way that CSS is supposed to be.

h2. Syntax References

h3. Content Syntax
* "Textile Reference":http://hobix.com/textile/
* "Markdown":http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/

h3. Code Syntax Highlighting
* "Syntax":http://syntax.rubyforge.org/: A Ruby project that generates HTML elements from a source
* "dp.SyntaxHighlighter":http://www.dreamprojections.com/SyntaxHighlighter/: A JavaScript library that does the syntax highlighting

h2. Other Site Publishing Tools

There are quite a few tools around for publishing a site that you can check out, in case
you don't find this one fits your need

* "Apache Forrest":http://forrest.apache.org/
* "Blosxon":http://www.blosxom.com/, runs on Perl 5
* "Instiki":http://www.instiki.org/show/HomePage, runs on Ruby
* "WordPress":http://wordpress.org/ 
* "XSite":http://xsite.codehaus.org/, same origin, different language and implementation

h1. Installation & Deployment

Since installation and deployment is not something that is not used as frequently, and the processes are different from project
to project, we are collecting ideas on the "project Wiki":http://buildmaster.rubyforge.org/wiki/wiki.pl at the moment.

h2. Installation

* "NSIS":http://nsis.sourceforge.net/Main_Page from "nullsoft":http://www.nullsoft.com/ is a nice opensource installer

h1. Others

* BuildMaster is hosted on "RubyForge":http://www.rubyforge.org
* BuildMaster is partially built on "ThoughtWorks":http://www.thoughtworks.com beach
time as part of the "ThoughtWorks OSS Support":http://opensource.thoughtworks.com/
